README.md, before:

[💻 Code Section](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloGodotCode) - [🚂 Engine Section](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloGodotEngineKeyword) - [🕹️🎮 Hacking Game](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloGodotRemoteControlHub) - [👓 XR Section](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloGodotXR)  - [🍓 Raspberry Pi](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloRaspberryPi) - [🥽Quest3](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloQuest3) - [🍺🍻](https://buymeacoffee.com/apintio)

------------------------------


# Godot Every Day

> I am going to be teaching with Godot, Raspberry Pi, and Meta Quest over the next 10–24 years! So let’s dive in, relearn, and craft a little bit of code every day.

I am a Unity3D game developer who has spent 14 years having fun with game jams, hackathons, personal projects, and client work.

It’s really hard for me to restart on Godot and relearn every step of the way.
But here’s the magic: Godot runs directly on the Quest, on Raspberry Pi, and even on Android phones!

It’s a true “plug-and-code” engine—perfect for teaching coding and IT through video games.

To push myself forward, I bought 12 Raspberry Pi 5 with screens and keyboards to teach coding around Belgium and at hackathons.

So now, there’s only one way to go:

Create **eSports coding tournaments** through games with APInt.IO, using Godot as the foundation to teach coding in a fun and competitive way.
Let’s learn some code a bit every day!

---

This workshop, as all my works in general, is under Beerware License.

```
/*
 * ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 * "PIZZA LICENSE":
 * https://github.com/EloiStree wrote this file.
 * As long as you retain this notice you
 * can do whatever you want with this stuff.
 * If you think my code made you win a day of work,
 * send me a good 🍺 or a 🍕 at
 *  - https://buymeacoffee.com/apintio
 * 
 * May the code be with you.
 *
 * Updated version: https://github.com/EloiStree/License
 * ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 */
```

---

I also created a YouTube channel:
👉 [https://www.youtube.com/@HelloGodotPi](https://www.youtube.com/@HelloGodotPi)

My goal is to make short **“Step:” videos** without audio that show the key steps you need to learn.

I’ll explain these steps in detail on my teaching channel (in French):
👉 [https://www.youtube.com/@EloiTeaching](https://www.youtube.com/@EloiTeaching)

Once the channels grow enough to unlock audio subtitles, I’ll add audio commentary in both French and English.

**If you’d like to support this journey, feel free to subscribe to give me access to Youtube feature ! 😊**

---------

**Reminder to myself:** I chose Godot not because it’s better, but because, like Blender, it’s going to outlive me.   
I need to learn GDScript because it’s the native language, but I should teach it with C#, or Rust, since my students need a solid language they can rely on beyond Godot.   
   
--------

# Note for me on the way

## Next Jam

- ~0H Game Jam: 26 Oct 2025 https://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/to?iso=20251026T02&p0=48&msg=0H+Game+Jam&font=cursive&csz=1~

## To do next
- List all the reserved keyword of GDScript in the https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloGodotCode
- Make a parsing list of all the topic I use to teach in Unity3D / C# to fill with Godot alternative.
- Make a package to generate color font telemetry of game with by default time, position and rotation of the Node3D.D
- Make a package of a World of Warcraft like champion to learn outside of the game server.
- Make a typing game to trying on QWERTY for coder on the hard part of the typing. Not the letter.

## I am missing
- WatchTime Package https://github.com/EloiStree/2024_04_18_WatchExecuteTime.git
- Tick Package https://github.com/EloiStree/OpenUPM_TickCollection.git
- primitive relay Package https://github.com/EloiStree/2025_04_02_FacadePrimitiveValueRelay.git
- Package Builder https://github.com/EloiStree/2019_07_21_UnityPackageFacilitator.git
- "be.elab.blockscolor": "https://github.com/EloiStree/2024_10_16_BlocksColor.git",

## To check for tournament purpose
- Check if Golden Eye 007 can run on Pi
- Check if World of Warcraft Classic can run on Pi 5 (correctly)
- Learn to hook Godot to buymeacoffee.com/apintio for fun


## Short term challenge

- Create a APInt.IO remote controller for Twitch/Tournament Students.
- Make an UDP IID Listener in Godot to allows massive keyboard and mouse multiplayer as LAN game.
  - Create a package that abstract the ability to make those kind of game 
- Recreate a Tello Drone Toy code
- Recreate a Tracked vehicle Toy code

## Mid term challenge

- Refactor Open Macro Input into a Godot project for APInt.io


## Hard Challenge

With APInt.IO basic interface in it and a basic drone game.
- Publish a Godot Eloi Laboratory on Steam
- Publish a Godot Eloi Laboratory on Android Google Play store
- Publish a Godot Eloi Laboratory on Oculus Lab Store
- Publish a Godot Eloi Laboratory on Pi-Apps
- Publish a Godot Eloi Laboratory on Itch.io full platform

# 4.5
- Editor Script and menu ( seem cool )
  - https://youtu.be/vPcYsAWLEj4?t=57
- Variant exporting ( choose your type
  - https://youtu.be/vPcYsAWLEj4?t=91
- SDL (input) ?
  - https://youtu.be/vPcYsAWLEj4?t=103
- You can create abstract class now
  - https://youtu.be/vPcYsAWLEj4?t=391
- params ;)
  - https://youtu.be/vPcYsAWLEj4?t=431       


----------

# Thank to

[<img width="1285" height="586" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6aa043aa-7c6d-4058-82ef-81074e8596a8" />](https://youtu.be/QKgTZWbwD1U?t=8)  
https://youtu.be/QKgTZWbwD1U?t=8    
[Ariel Manzur](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ariel+Manzur+godot+) [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?search=Ariel+Manzur)  
[Juan Linietsky](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Juan+Linietskyr+godot+) [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?search=Juan+Linietsky)

Commit message:

Add acknowledgment section for Godot creators

README.md, after:

[💻 Code Section](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloGodotCode) - [🚂 Engine Section](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloGodotEngineKeyword) - [🕹️🎮 Hacking Game](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloGodotRemoteControlHub) - [👓 XR Section](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloGodotXR)  - [🍓 Raspberry Pi](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloRaspberryPi) - [🥽Quest3](https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloQuest3) - [🍺🍻](https://buymeacoffee.com/apintio)

------------------------------


# Godot Every Day

> I am going to be teaching with Godot, Raspberry Pi, and Meta Quest over the next 10–24 years! So let’s dive in, relearn, and craft a little bit of code every day.

I am a Unity3D game developer who has spent 14 years having fun with game jams, hackathons, personal projects, and client work.

It’s really hard for me to restart on Godot and relearn every step of the way.
But here’s the magic: Godot runs directly on the Quest, on Raspberry Pi, and even on Android phones!

It’s a true “plug-and-code” engine—perfect for teaching coding and IT through video games.

To push myself forward, I bought 12 Raspberry Pi 5 with screens and keyboards to teach coding around Belgium and at hackathons.

So now, there’s only one way to go:

Create **eSports coding tournaments** through games with APInt.IO, using Godot as the foundation to teach coding in a fun and competitive way.
Let’s learn some code a bit every day!

---

This workshop, as all my works in general, is under Beerware License.

```
/*
 * ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 * "PIZZA LICENSE":
 * https://github.com/EloiStree wrote this file.
 * As long as you retain this notice you
 * can do whatever you want with this stuff.
 * If you think my code made you win a day of work,
 * send me a good 🍺 or a 🍕 at
 *  - https://buymeacoffee.com/apintio
 * 
 * May the code be with you.
 *
 * Updated version: https://github.com/EloiStree/License
 * ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 */
```

---

I also created a YouTube channel:
👉 [https://www.youtube.com/@HelloGodotPi](https://www.youtube.com/@HelloGodotPi)

My goal is to make short **“Step:” videos** without audio that show the key steps you need to learn.

I’ll explain these steps in detail on my teaching channel (in French):
👉 [https://www.youtube.com/@EloiTeaching](https://www.youtube.com/@EloiTeaching)

Once the channels grow enough to unlock audio subtitles, I’ll add audio commentary in both French and English.

**If you’d like to support this journey, feel free to subscribe to give me access to Youtube feature ! 😊**

---------

**Reminder to myself:** I chose Godot not because it’s better, but because, like Blender, it’s going to outlive me.   
I need to learn GDScript because it’s the native language, but I should teach it with C#, or Rust, since my students need a solid language they can rely on beyond Godot.   
   
--------

# Note for me on the way

## Next Jam

- ~0H Game Jam: 26 Oct 2025 https://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/to?iso=20251026T02&p0=48&msg=0H+Game+Jam&font=cursive&csz=1~

## To do next
- List all the reserved keyword of GDScript in the https://github.com/EloiStree/HelloGodotCode
- Make a parsing list of all the topic I use to teach in Unity3D / C# to fill with Godot alternative.
- Make a package to generate color font telemetry of game with by default time, position and rotation of the Node3D.D
- Make a package of a World of Warcraft like champion to learn outside of the game server.
- Make a typing game to trying on QWERTY for coder on the hard part of the typing. Not the letter.

## I am missing
- WatchTime Package https://github.com/EloiStree/2024_04_18_WatchExecuteTime.git
- Tick Package https://github.com/EloiStree/OpenUPM_TickCollection.git
- primitive relay Package https://github.com/EloiStree/2025_04_02_FacadePrimitiveValueRelay.git
- Package Builder https://github.com/EloiStree/2019_07_21_UnityPackageFacilitator.git
- "be.elab.blockscolor": "https://github.com/EloiStree/2024_10_16_BlocksColor.git",

## To check for tournament purpose
- Check if Golden Eye 007 can run on Pi
- Check if World of Warcraft Classic can run on Pi 5 (correctly)
- Learn to hook Godot to buymeacoffee.com/apintio for fun


## Short term challenge

- Create a APInt.IO remote controller for Twitch/Tournament Students.
- Make an UDP IID Listener in Godot to allows massive keyboard and mouse multiplayer as LAN game.
  - Create a package that abstract the ability to make those kind of game 
- Recreate a Tello Drone Toy code
- Recreate a Tracked vehicle Toy code

## Mid term challenge

- Refactor Open Macro Input into a Godot project for APInt.io


## Hard Challenge

With APInt.IO basic interface in it and a basic drone game.
- Publish a Godot Eloi Laboratory on Steam
- Publish a Godot Eloi Laboratory on Android Google Play store
- Publish a Godot Eloi Laboratory on Oculus Lab Store
- Publish a Godot Eloi Laboratory on Pi-Apps
- Publish a Godot Eloi Laboratory on Itch.io full platform

# 4.5
- Editor Script and menu ( seem cool )
  - https://youtu.be/vPcYsAWLEj4?t=57
- Variant exporting ( choose your type
  - https://youtu.be/vPcYsAWLEj4?t=91
- SDL (input) ?
  - https://youtu.be/vPcYsAWLEj4?t=103
- You can create abstract class now
  - https://youtu.be/vPcYsAWLEj4?t=391
- params ;)
  - https://youtu.be/vPcYsAWLEj4?t=431       


----------

# Thank to

I should look a bit around the creator of Godot:  
[<img width="1285" height="586" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6aa043aa-7c6d-4058-82ef-81074e8596a8" />](https://youtu.be/QKgTZWbwD1U?t=8)  
https://youtu.be/QKgTZWbwD1U?t=8    
[Ariel Manzur](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ariel+Manzur+godot+) [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?search=Ariel+Manzur)  
[Juan Linietsky](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Juan+Linietskyr+godot+) [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?search=Juan+Linietsky)
